[docs] Add TypeScript guide on the polymorphic components (#32168)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/guides/typescript/typescript.md

Moved to [/customization/theming/#custom-variables](/material-ui/customization/theming/#custom-variables).

## Complications with the `component` prop

Because of some TypeScript limitations, using the `component` prop can be problematic if you are creating your custom component based on the Material UI's components.

> You will likely need to use one of these two options:

Author: ```suggestion
For the composition of the components, you will likely need to use one of these two options:
```

> ## Usage of `component` prop

Reviewer: Maybe we should get more specific here?

```suggestion
## Complications with the `component` prop
```

> The usage of the `component` prop can be problematic if you are creating your custom component based on the Mateiral UI's components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `component` prop can be problematic if you are creating your custom component based on Material UI's components.
```

Reviewer: Should we elaborate on _why_ it's a problem?

Author: Because of TypeScript limitations. Maybe we should rephrase to:

```suggestion
Because of some TypeScript limitations, using the `component` prop can be problematic if you are creating your custom component based on the Material UI's components.
```

Reviewer: I think that's worth mentioning for clarity. 👍

> You are likely going to use one of these two options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will likely need to use one of these two options:
```

1. Wrap the Material UI component in order to enhance it
2. Use the `styled()` utility in order to customize the styles of the component

> If you are using the first option, take a look at the [composition guide](/material-ui/guides/composition/#with-typescript) for more details on this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the first option, take a look at the [composition guide](/material-ui/guides/composition/#with-typescript) for more details.
```

> If you are using the `styled()` utility (regardless of whether it comes from `@mui/material`, or `@emotion/styled`), you will need to cast the result component as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the `styled()` utility (regardless of whether it comes from `@mui/material` or `@emotion/styled`), you will need to cast the resulting component as shown below:
```
